c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\bin\Debug\AkademiaApp.exe.config
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\bin\Debug\AkademiaApp.exe
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\bin\Debug\AkademiaApp.pdb
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.pdb
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp.g.resources
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp.exe
c:\users\kuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\AkademiaApp.pdb
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\StudentWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\StudentWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\MarksWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\MarksWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\TeacherWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\TeacherWindow.baml
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\BranchStudents.g.cs
C:\Users\Kuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AkademiaApp\AkademiaApp\obj\Debug\BranchStudents.baml
